Deepwolf mech; 
Named for a species of spiritually significant creature native to Jak's homeworld of Obsidian, the chassis seeks to emulate the adaptability and ferocious cunning of its namesake. Built from the ground up with revolutions and insurgent work in mind, it can function solo using its deployables as force multipliers and attacking from positions of strength, but the mech truly shines when deployed as part of a group, using its ambush predator camo system to wait and ready its weapons, working in concert with allies to lure unwitting foes into the waiting jaws of a trap, before striking with devastating force, ushering another unfortunate enemy to the depths.  

JakAl Cometwerks, keeping in mind the often clandestine nature of insurgent work, has taken great pains to make the license files for this machine extremely compressed and nearly untraceable, making for easy delivery and deployment of the files once they arrive, able to be printed traditionally, or fed into a mining exo directly, which will begin to change and reforge itself accordingly, given access to a small minimum of raw material to work with.

Blast pick: 
“hell of a tool, learned pretty quick that it could even kill mechs, if you were desperate or unhinged enough. This old bitch has been with me since the start, saved my life more times than I care to count, and I’d chew off my own arm before I gave it up.” - DOJ/HR Lieutenant Jak Ashe, when asked about their personal close-combat weapon.

Originally a piece of mining kit found on Obsidian, the blast pick is designed to use charges of gunpowder to dramatically increase the impact force against whatever surfaces it strikes. It quickly became a beloved close combat weapon in the fight against the House of Glass, and the Cometwerks saw the value in a large, mech-scaled version of the reliable classic. Though initially plagued by setbacks and unforeseen issues in its development, the company eventually managed to improve upon the design for use in chassis combat. Requiring a short moment to charge to its fullest potential, the payoff is described as “more than worth it” by most of its users. 
